how many have seen the grass that I
profess generates I could be ball so
let's say that I had a bunch of stuff I
can take this thing and have a tool
called Graf MD which I think isn't that
go up because repo probably doesn't
belong there but what it does is it
outputs dot the dot input dot is gratis
so that I can take this input pipe it
into the dot program and then generate
an SVG once they have that SVG I can
open it with Chrome
and this is the graph this is that
directory so here's the route route
known directory here it's like all of
the different files and here's each of
the files and their sizes the reason
this is useful is you may want to have
let's see you may want to see the
difference between adding a file like
this tar ball let's see so that's a
pretty large jog wall and we can see the
output of that hand
so this is what a that tarball it looks
like when it's a data might be fuss and
in the normal layout structure but if
you then import it with say the trickle
layout then you get a different layout
so it's pretty useful to be able to
debug whether or not your algorithm is
doing what you expect it to whoops
wait what's yeah glad that everyone's
here so this shows a bunch of data
blocks right away and accessible this
means it's streaming friendly and then
an indirect lock after that and so this
was many megabytes larger then you would
see the indirect blocks up here at the
bottom and so you would be very quickly
be able to stream this file and the last
one I'll show is what happens to be
imported under tar so add
so this tar importer is a special way to
import tar ball to show the actual
underlying graph so this this is taking
the tar headers and turning them that
into an IPL D graph
is if we look at those and this is a
much more detailed thing it's no longer
like all these opaque data segments this
has turned the Tarble itself into an I
feel deep breath and so you see the all
the filenames here here's the an object
for the top header and then the data of
that and over here then it takes each of
those files and then chunks it
accordingly as well so if you had it
doesn't do it right now but if you had
terrible with an ATAR well you could get
that important to to work out with you
so yeah this is a tool just to check out
visualizes graphs